[Music]
hi guys what's up welcome back to my
channel and if you were new here and
then hey what's up my name is Brooke and
it's nice to meet you come join the
family alright today I'm gonna be
showing you guys what I got confession
Nova I reported the hall like the
triumph portion separately so I'm just
gonna like insert clips but let's just
get started actually let's talk first
before I get started so background I've
ordered from passion ova about three
times the first time I ordered from them
was like before they kind of got big
like before they were on and poppin you
know I mean like they were kind of big
but they weren't like yeah I ordered
from them three times the first time was
before they were all hype and like I got
everything but everything was kind of
snug like I ordered my size and like my
right size I don't usually wear and it
was like it fit me but like you know my
my view in advance to get in the jeans
you're like Sinead it's like one of
those things nevertheless I cut it off
all my items on time and like everything
was fine the second time I order from
them I ordered these chains right and
they looked kind of like a pair of jeans
I'm going to show you guys but I was
reading the reviews and it says you know
like couldn't be tight order size up and
I was like fair enough like I'm kind of
worried or as it is right because it's
like I'm fake okay so I don't fit
everything normally like I have trouble
putting jeans on like that's just the
way it works so I'm like I hope they say
no I'm like praying I'm like oh boy come
with me you know so then I get the jeans
and I ordered the size up
I guess the jeans and baby girl the 13th
in right that's right the 30 like fit me
and there's like a little bit of gap in
my waist so I was like oh you know what
the 15 should think so then I start
trying on a 15 and I'm like as it is
like sliding them on I'm like sure no
like damn I felt insecure about myself
and you know when you like first like
put your leg in and you feel it you know
like you know you know if it's gonna be
like a tight fit or in your life smooth
sailing right so I put my leg in and I'm
like this ain't no fit bitch like it's
not gonna fit cuz I'll make you know
like I'm gonna try so I'm like shimmy
shaking like jumping around like trying
to get my jeans on it didn't work that
just kind of pissed me off because I was
like okay your sizing is completely off
and how am I supposed to really know if
it's gonna fit you know now let's jump
into the hall so for the first thing is
these black jeans they called the
Scottsdale high waist skinny jeans and I
got these in at 13 and the waist is like
this it's pretty good I like how they
fit because like I have struggles
finding jeans and I was pleasantly
surprised that these fit because like I
said like before you know us having
struggles but they fit so I was like
okay we're off to a good start now
the secretary jeans I got are called the
first pick high rise jeans and a medium
blue and I got these on a 13 as well and
these ones okay I like started to get
them on and I was kind of like hmm like
the shimmy shake thing again like at
this point I'm like sitting there and
I'm like sweating I'm like please just
sit me so I'm getting them on and then
like I button them and we're button
we're good if you have a little bit more
like a bigger waist
I suggest sizing up in this pair of
jeans because they fit nice and they're
comfortable like I'm not lying to you
like they're comfortable they're
stretchy they're stretchy but like if
you have a bigger waist girl they're not
big like the waist is pretty small
compared to little leg you see you like
and then see the waist like it's just
it's pretty small so like it fit me but
I'm just saying if you have a bigger
waist I would recommend sizing up if
you're gonna get these sheep these jeans
are called little lady high rise jeans
and I got them in a size 13 as well this
is what
these ones are pretty stretchy these
ones are comfortable like these are when
I tried these ones on I was like okay
fashion knows that this is what you're
supposed to be doing you know it's that
kind of mind I was like oh okay
yes give it to me you know they were
charging the weights is small again
but it stretches a little bit so I have
a little bit of give to it as far or
like more than the other the darker pair
jeans with the darker cardoons snatch to
me like you know like I felt snatched
these ones if you'll snatched you but
I'm tall I'm like five foot eight 5 foot
seven five foot eight and they go up
high they go up above my belly button
like almost up my rib that's pretty high
waisted like you're shorter they're
gonna be at your like your bra like it's
they're pretty long and and I had to
roll up on a couple pair of these jeans
on a couple pairs of the jeans because
um they're pretty long now let's move on
to this this skirt the skirt right here
it's like just a suede skirt it's cute I
got it in an extra-large I super soft
you guys know material is so soft but
you're gonna definitely need to wear
some Spanx under this because you can
see everything like I don't work I tried
on long I turn on seamless on you can
see it like you can see it not a fan of
that this is like it's good but like I
expected it to be a little thicker
quality you know what I mean like it's
kind of
but it's cute it's cute like I would
wear it but scudding all right No
so these are just those like shrink wrap
tops I got a white line and then I got a
green one these ones are so cute they're
so cute if you see the mustard colored
one of these on fashion Nova I just want
you to really know that it's like on
mustard like not like the cute like like
yellow like cuz it looks like a
different yellow but then like you got a
person's like greenish yellow it's weird
I'm just warning you like it's not ugly
it should you get it now it's super cute
I like this dress I like the way it fit
it made me look really snatched but at
the same time
you can see through it it is so thin
like it's it's a nice dress and I
thought honestly wear it out just cuz
it's cute and it looks nice and it makes
you look like white it's cute you can
see any underwear you you put on with
this so if you're gonna wear it maybe
we're like I like us like a slip under
air something on this dress now this
dress is cute it's just kind of one of
those simple like I'm gonna throw it on
cuz I need to go somewhere and is kind
of hot dress but yeah it was $22 and I
got a ns
yeah i can't get any dresses anything
smaller than a larger an extra-large or
else it's just not gonna work for my
body my butt won't allow it
and then like it'll stretch out too much
to where it's like see-through and mom
no one needs to be seeing that good
stress but when I just showed you guys
that one is called the Nova season dress
and have very gray now let's go to this
joke
this jacket gives me like I saw this
Jack okay so the third time I ordered
from punchy no but I wasn't sure if I
was gonna order from them but then I saw
this Johnny and then I was like I'm
ordering and then my wallet cry right
here yeah i order this jacket it's so
get it if you like pink and you like
faux fur get it bitch it's cute it's
cute it's cute and it is cold I got it I
got it okay I got this one an extra shoe
just cuz I wanted it kind of like you
know oversized cuz I hate getting denim
jackets and when they're like not like
loose enough for you to layer but I got
that one and it's called the burden to
denim at jacket and the jeans I'm
talking about that I was talking about
earlier that were so small that I had to
send back those jeans are called the
heart to let go jeans in dark wash or
dark stone wash and then the last thing
I got are these little wolf slides right
here actually it's not lost me I also
got this this set and I'm gonna talk
about that in a second but yeah I
thought these slide right here and I got
them on sale they were like ten dollars
I think okay those slides are bought the
Audrey slippers the top
so I also got this top and it came with
a matching set like a bottom so the
material on this site is super soft when
I ordered it I was excited because I
look like it was just like it was good
right like it looks it so then I get
that material okay so the bottom of the
pants flood like they're not skinny they
look skinny on line but they're not
thirds like they're straight
they're straight in there short like you
know when the bottom of the pant will
like like on tighter like leggings it'll
like scrunch right it doesn't it just
kind of sits there and it's kind of like
it like it's not a look for me but yeah
guys so that's the end of the video I
just wanted to you know go over the
items if you guys have had them for a
while but I've been busy fashion always
hitting this for me I'm happy with how
the jeans were this time like I'm happy
that they all fit me and they all find
me the way that I expected initially
fashion of a closer fit but at the same
time it's just kind of like hit and miss
because the first time that word they're
really tight and then the second time
like one of the jeans literally didn't
fit me and it was supposed to be like a
size too big so I don't know sizing it's
kind of hit or miss but honestly I'm
gonna order from them again I liked what
I got for the things that did fit me I'm
sure you just kind of have to be worried
about what you order from them but I
mean I yeah i would order from them
again their stuffs cute I'll probably
bring you guys another haul when I do
order from them again but that's it for
the end of this video I hope you guys
enjoyed and if you did go ahead and like
comment share and subscribe it would
make you so much better and I hope that
I maybe you all day so much better thank
you guys for coming by
[Music]
you